 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
[  
 
 
 
 
 
 
REVISED DETAILED NOTIFICATION 
 
  
 
 
 
 
The eligible and  qualified candidates of TGEAPCET-2024desirous of seeking admission into 
B.E /B.Tech / Pharmacy Courses are informed that the payment of Processing Fee, Slot 
Booking for Certificate Verification, Certificate Verification and Option exercise will commence 
as per the schedule given below. For details of procedure to be followed and other relevant 
information please read instructions to the candidate placed in the website 
https://tgeapcet.nic.in 
Note:- 
 As per Govt U.O.Note.No,4634/Genl, L&C/2024 General Admi nistration (General, 
L&C) Department, Dated: 17 -05-2024 all websites URL are changed from TS to TG. The 
Candidates and Parents are hereby informed to note that the entranc e examination 
conducted with TSEAPCET shall be read with TGEAPCET for the purpose of admission. 
 
WHO CAN APPLY: 
 
 
 
 Candidates who had qualified in TGEAPCET-2024 and secured 45% (for OC) and 40% 
(for others) in group subjects of Intermediate or its equivalent examination. 
 
COUNSELLING SCHEDULE: 
 
S. 
NO DETAILS 
 
DATES  
FIRST PHASE  
1 
Online filing of Basic Information, Payment of Processing Fee & Slot 
Booking for selection of Help Line Centre, Date & Time to attend for 
Certificate Verification 
    04-07-2024 
To 
    12-07-2024 
2 Certificate Verification for already Slot Booked candidates  
06-07-2024 
To 
13-07-2024 
3 Exercising Options after Certificate Verification 
08-07-2024 
To 
15-07-2024 
4 Freezing of options 15-07-2024 
5 Provisional Allotment of Seats on or before 19-07-2024 
6 Payment of Tuition Fee & Self Reporting through website 
19-07-2024 
To 
23-07-2024 
PAYMENT OF PROCESSING FEE, SLOT BOOKING, CERTIFICATE VERIFICATION 
AND OPTION EXERCISE FOR WEB BASED COUNSELLING 

 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
SECOND PHASE 
7 
Online filing of Basic Information, Payment of Processing Fee & Slot 
Booking for selection of Help Line Centre, Date & Time to attend for 
Certificate Verification for not attended candidates in First Phase  
26-07-2024 
8 Certificate Verification for already Slot Booked candidates in the 
Second Phase 27-07-2024 
9 Exercising Options after Certificate Verification 
27-07-2024 
To 
28-07-2024 
10 Freezing of options 28-07-2024 
11 Provisional Allotment of Seats on or before 31-07-2024 
12 Payment of Tuition Fee & Self Reporting through website 
01-08-2024 
To 
02-08-2024 
FINAL PHASE 
13 
Online filing of Basic Information, Payment of Processing Fee & Slot 
Booking for selection of Help Line Centre, Date & Time to attend for 
Certificate Verification for not attended candidates in First Phase and 
Second Phase  
08-08-2024 
14 Certificate Verification for already Slot Booked candidates in the Final 
Phase 
09-08-2024 
 
15 Exercising Options after Certificate Verification 
09-08-2024 
to 
10-08-2024 
16 Freezing of options 10-08-2024 
17 Provisional Allotment of Seats on or before 13-08-2024 
18 Payment of Tuition Fee & Self Reporting through website  
13-08-2024 
To 
15-08-2024 
19 Reporting at the College, in case of change of Branch/College 
 
16-08-2024 
To 
17-08-2024 
 
20 Updating Joining Details by College 17-08-2024 
 
Note:-  
 
1. Physical reporting of the candidate at the allotted college after Final Phase       
allotment is mandatory.  
2. Handover a set of xerox copies of the Certificates and Original Transfer           
Certificate (T.C) at the allotted college. 
3. Dropouts / Cancellations are not permitted after Final Phase. 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
CENTRALIZED INTERNAL SLIDING BY CONVENOR 
 
21 
Exercising options for internal sliding (sliding to other branches with 
in the college).The Fee Reimbursement is applicable to eligible 
internal slided candidates 
21-08-2024 
To 
22-08-2024 
22 Freezing of options 22-08-2024 
23 Provisional Allotment of Seats on or before 26-08-2024 
24 
Downloading of new allotment order, if any (Internal Sliding), self 
report through website and reporting in the new branch within the 
same College. 
27-08-2024 
To 
28-08-2024 
Note:- 
1. Dropouts/Cancellations, if any, after Internal Sliding shall not be permitted to 
be filled under Spot Admissions. However, such vacancies shall be permitted 
to be filled through Lateral Entry into 2nd year through ECET(Lateral Entry) 
SPOT ADMISSIONS  
(Private Unaided Engineering Colleges) 
25 The Spot Admission guidelines for Private Unaided Engineering 
Colleges will be placed in the website https://tgeapcet.nic.in 28-08-2024 
 
 
Candidates / Parents are advised to exercise as many number of options as 
possible to avoid disappointment of not getting a seat.  Therefore while 
exercising the options every care need to be taken in selecting the College and 
Branch as per the choice of the candidates. 
 
ELIGIBILITY FOR ADMISSION: 
 
 
 Candidate shall be an Indian National. 
 
 Candidate should belong to the State of Telangana /Andhra Pradesh as defined in 
G.O.(P).No. 646, Education (w) Dept., dated 10 -07-1979 and its subsequent 
amendments.  
 
 In respect of under Graduate Professional Courses in Engineering (including 
Technology ) and Pharmacy the candidate should have completed 16 years of age 
as on 31-12-2024. 
 
 In respect of Pharm D (Doctor of Pharmacy) Course the candidate should have 
completed 17 years of age as on 31-12-2024. 
 
 However maximum eligible age for obtaining a scholarship is 25 years for OC 
candidates and 29 years for other candidates as on 01-07-2024 as per the 
guidelines prescribed in Memo No. 10537/SW(Edn.2)/2011, dated: 20 -10-2012 
and further guidelines issued from  time to time by Social Welfare (Edn.) 
Department shall apply.  
 
 Mere appearing for TGEAPCET-2024 and obtaining a rank does not entitle a 
candidate to be considered for admission automatically unless the candidate 
fulfills the requirements laid down for admissions. 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ATTENTION TO NOT QUALIFIED NOT APPEARED TGEAPCET -2024 MINORITY 
CANDIDATES: 
 
 
 Minority candidates (Muslim / Christian) who have not qu alified or not appeared in 
TGEAPCET -2024 (M.P.C Stream) and secured 45% (for OC) and 40% (for Others) in 
group subjects of i ntermediate or its equivalent examination to consider them for the 
leftover seats in respective minority colleges, if any, after exhausting all the qualif ied 
Minority candidates of TGEAPCET-2024 (M.P.C St ream). However, these 
candidates are not eligible for Fee Reimbursement Scheme . For procedure to 
apply to this category please visit the website https://tgeapcet.nic.in. 
 
PAYMENT OF PROCESSING FEE:  
 
 Visit website https://tgeapcet.nic.inand click on the link “ PAYMENT OF 
PROCESSING FEE” 
 
 Register by entering  
 Registration Number given on TGEAPCET-2024 Hall Ticket. 
 Date of Birth as mentioned in the SSC Marks Memo. 
 Hall Ticket Number of Intermediate or its equivalent. 
 The Basic Information Form is displayed . Enter the details of Aadhar, Mobile 
Number and Email ID and  also fill the details of Caste Certificate and Income 
Certificate and EWS application Number issued by MeeSeva, if applicable.  
Change of mobile number is not permitted. 
 Update the information and pay the Processing Fee of Rs. 600/ - (for SC/ST) and 
Rs. 1200/- (for Others) through online payment (Credit Card / Debit Card / Net  
Banking) / T-Wallet. 
 
SLOT BOOKING FOR CERTIFICATE VERIFICATION: 
 All categories (OC/ EWS/BC/SC/ST/MINORITY) candidates, Book your Slot 
(Selection of Help Line Center, Date & Time) to attend Certificate Verification at 
your nearest or convenient Help Line Center (HLC) mentioned in Annexure-I 
within the scheduled dates and attend for the Certificate Verification accordingly. 
Without payment of Processing Fee and Slot Booking, the candidate is not 
permitted to attend for Certificate Verification. The candidate shall be permitted 
to attend for C ertificate Verification only at the Help Line Center (HLC)  on the 
date and time of slot booked by the candidate. 
 Special category candidates i.e ., National Cadet Corps  (NCC)/ Physically 
Challenged(PHC)/Children of Armed Forces Personnel (CAP)/ Sports (SG) / Anglo-
Indian (ANG) need to book Slot duly selecting the Help Line Center of  
GOVERNMENT POLYTECHNIC, MASABTANK, HYDERABAD  to attend for 
Certificate Verification for given date and time slots as mentioned in Annexure-I, 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
other certificates of these candidat e will also be verified on the dates mentioned 
along with Special Reservation category Certificates. 
 
ECONOMICALLY WEAKER SECTIONS (EWS) RESERVATION: 
 
 As per the guidelines  issued in G.O.Ms.No. 244 General Administration (SER.D) 
Department, dated: 24 -08-2021, 10% reservation to the Economically Weaker 
Sections (EWS) in respect of Admissions into Educational Institutions shall apply.  The 
benefit of reservation under EWS can be availed upon production of Income and Asset 
Certificate for Economically Weaker Sections (EWS) issued by a Tahsildar valid for the 
year 2024-25. 
 
ST RESERVATIONS: 
 As per the guidelines issued in G.O.Ms.No 33 Tribal Welfare Department dated 
30-09-2022, 10% reservations for Scheduled Tribes in Educational Institutions 
shall apply. 
 
CERTIFICATE VERIFICATION: 
 
 Candidate presence is mandatory for Certificate Verification strictly as 
per the scheduled Slot Booking date and time at Help Line Centre. 
 
 
Certificates to be produced by the candidates at the time of Certificate 
Verification: 
All original certificates and 2 sets of Xerox copies of the following. 
 
 
 TGEAPCET-2024 Rank Card. 
 
 TGEAPCET-2024Hall Ticket. 
 
 Aadhar Card. 
 
 S.S.C or its equivalent Marks memo. 
 
 Intermediate or its equivalent Memo-Cum-Pass Certificate. 
 
 VI to Intermediate or its equivalent Study Certificates. 
 
 Transfer Certificate (T.C). 
 Income Certificate issued on or after 01 -01-2024 by competent authority, if 
applicable. 
 EWS Income and Asset Certificate issued by the Tahsildar valid for the year  
2024-25, if applicable. 
 Caste Certificate issued by competent authority, if applicable. 
 Residence Certificate of candidate for a period of 7 years preceding to qualifying 
examination in case where the candidate has no institutionalized education. 
 In respect of Non-Local candidates in order to consider them for allotment under 
unreserved seats the following certificates needs to be submitted.  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 Residence Certificate:  Candidates who has resided in the State for a 
total period of 10 years excluding periods of study outside the State; or 
either of whose parents have resided in the State for a total period of 10 
years excluding periods of employment outside the State.  
 
 (OR) 
 
 Employer Certificate : Candidates who are children of parents who are in 
the employment of this State or Central Government, Public Sector 
Corporations, Local bodies , Universities and other similar Quasi Public 
Institutions within the State at the time of applying for TGEAPCET -2024 
Examination. 
 
 Minorities: SSC TC containing Minority Status or Certificate from the Head 
Master.  
 
 
Certificates to be produced by PHC/CAP/NCC/Sports (SG) / Anglo–Indian 
(ANG) Candidates: 
 
All original certificates and 3 sets of Xerox copies of the following. 
 
 PHC (Visually Handicapped, Hearing Impaired Handicapped & Orthopedically 
Handicapped)-Certificate issued by District Medical Board. Candidates with 40% 
and above disability are only eligible. 
 
 
 CAP (Children of Armed Forces Personnel):  
 
a) Children of Armed Forces (CAP) -2% (two percent) for the children of armed 
persons i.e., Ex -Servicemen, Defence Personnel including the Children of 
Border Security Force and Central Reserve Police Force who are Domiciled in 
Telangana State based on the permanent address / Home town declared by 
them while joining the service and as recorded in their Service Register. 
 
 
b) The Ex-Servicemen have to produce the Children of Armed Forces Personnel 
(CAP) certificate issued by respective Regional Sainik Welfare Officer as per 
Appendix-“A” Attached with supporting documents to establish the 
Permanent address / Home town declared by Ex -Servicemen while joining 
the service and as recorded in their Service Register in accordance wit h GO, 
such as Certificate from Records Office, Education Certificates of                       
Ex-Servicemen, etc. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
c) Serving Defence Personnel including CRPF and BSF Personnel should submit 
a Children of Armed Forces Personn el (CAP) certificate issued by U nit 
Commanding officer (not less than the rank of a Colonel/ equivalent in Navy 
and Air Force Commandant in CRPF/BSF) as per Appendix -“B” Attached 
along with original and attested copy of Service Register where the 
Permanent address / Home town declared by them while joining the service 
is mentioned along with the  education certificates of the s erving Defence 
personnel. 
 
 
d) The retired CRPF and BSF Personnel have to produce the Children of Armed 
Forces Personnel (CAP) certificate issued  by their respective competent 
authority as per Appendix -A along with supporting documents to establish 
the Permanent address / Home Town declared by them while joining the 
service and as recorded in their Service Register in accordance with GO, 
such as Certificate from Records Office, Education Certificates of CRPF/ BSF 
personnel, etc. 
 
 NCC (National Cadet Corps)- Certificates issued by competent authorities. 
 
 Sports (SG) – Sports Achievements / Testimonials along with the Form- I, II, 
III& IV duly certified / attested by the concerned State Sports Associations 
recognized by the Sports Authority of Telangana ( SATG) which are categorized 
according to level of the Championships as laid down in  
G.O.Ms.No. 02, Youth Advancement, Tourism  & Cultu re (Sports) Department , 
dated: 22-09-2020, which are essential during scrutiny.   
 
 
 
 Anglo-Indian (ANG): The Anglo -Indian certificate issued by Tahsildar of their 
place of Residence.  
 
 
 
The information related to all special categories  [PHC/CAP/NCC/Sports 
(SG)] are available under h yperlink Special Category Priorities  in website 
https://tgeapcet.nic.in 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SCHEDULE FOR SPECIAL CATEGORIES PHC/CAP/NCC/SPORTS  (SG)/ANGLO-
INDIAN (ANG):  
The special category candidates PHC/ CAP / NCC/ Sports (SG) / Anglo -Indian (ANG) need to 
book slot only selecting the Help Line Center of GOVERNMENT POLYTECHNIC, MASAB 
TANK, HYDERABAD to attend for certificate verification as per below schedule. The other 
certificates of these candidates will also be verified along with Special Reservation category 
certificates. 
 
Date 
 
SPECIAL CATEGORY 
TYPE 
 
SLOT TIMINGS 
 
 
 
 
 
06-07-2024 
to 
08-07-2024 
 
 
 
 
SG 
(SPORTS) 
 
10:00 to 10:30 A.M 11:00 to 11:30 A.M 
12:00 to 12:30 P.M 02:00 to 02:30 P.M 
03:00 to 03:30 P.M 04:00 to 04:30 P.M 
05:00 to 05:30 P.M  
 
CAP 
(CHILDREN OF ARMED 
FORCES PERSONNEL) 
10:30 to 11:00 A.M 11:30 to 12:00 Noon 
12:30 to 01:00 P.M 02:30 to 03:00 P.M 
03:30 to 04:00 P.M 04:30 to 05:00 P.M 
05:30 to 06:00 P.M  
 
 
09-07-2024 
to 
12-07-2024 
 
 
NCC 
(NATIONAL CADET 
CORPS) 
 
10:00 to 10:30 A.M 11:00 to 11:30 A.M 
12:00 to 12:30 P.M 02:00 to 02:30 P.M 
03:00 to 03:30 P.M 04:00 to 04:30 P.M 
05:00 to 05:30 P.M  
 
 
 
 
13-07-2024 
 
PHC 
(PHYSICALLY  
CHALLENGED ) 
09:30 to 10:00 A.M 10:00 to 10:30 A.M 
10:30 to 11:00 A.M 11:00 to 11:30 A.M 
11:30 to 12:00 Noon 12:00 to 12:30 P.M 
 
(ANG) 
ANGLO-INDIAN 
 
 
 
05:30 to 06:00 P.M 
 
 
NOTE: 
 Special categories i.e., PHC/CAP/NCC/Sports (SG) / Anglo -Indian (ANG)  
certificates shall be verified during First Phase of counselling only on scheduled 
date and time. No further Certificate Verification for Special Categories after 
schedule date. No Certificate Verification for Special Categories in  Second 
Phase and Final Phase. Allotments for NCC/Sports categories will be made in 
subsequent phases only after due verification from the concerned authorities. 
 
 After verification of original certificates, Receipt of Certificates (ROC) will be 
issued to the candidate duly signed by Chief Ver ification Officer.  Candidate / 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
Parents should check the details printed on ROC, if correction required, 
immediately contact Chief Verification Officer for rectification.  
 
 Immediately after Certificate Verification , the login ID will be sent to the 
candidate registered mobile number, if not received collect login ID at Help Line 
Center before leaving Certificate Verification Hall. Note down the login Id 
received and do not disclose to anyone. 
 
TUITION FEE TO BE PAID: 
  
 The Tuition Fee particulars and seats available under Convenor quota College wise 
will be made available on the website https://tgeapcet.nic.in well before the 
commencement of option entry. 
 
 The Fee reimbursement for eligible candidates is subject to the guidelines issued 
by the Government from time to time. 
 
PROCEDURE FOR EXERCISING OPTIONS: 
 
 Immediately after Certificate Verification, the Login Id will be sent to the 
candidates registered Mobile Number. All the messages / OTPs / Allotment 
details etc., will be sent to the Registered Mobile Number, hence advised to 
keep the mobile with you till the end of admission process. 
 
 Download the list of colleges / branches / districts from the website 
https://tgeapcet.nic.in 
 
 Take the printout of Manual Option Entry Form from the website. 
 
 Consult Parents / Friends and prepare Manual Option Entry Form a s per your 
preference duly writing institution code, branch code and district code. This is 
for your convenience and to avoid mistakes and save time while entering web 
options. 
 
 The candidates can exercise options from Home / Internet Centre. 
 
 If the candidate is exercising options  from Internet Centre, make sure that 
proper logout is done after saving the options to avoid manipulation of the 
password by the Internet Centre person. 
 
 Generate the Password by clicking on Candidates Registration link in the 
website.  
 
 Do not share the password with others.  
 
 After successful password generation, Login with the details under the link 
Candidates Login and enter OTP as received in registered Mobile Number. 
 
 Refer the Manual Option Entry Form prepared by you and enter the options in 
the website. 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Candidates are advised to exercise options carefully in the order of priority.  
The order of priority of options is the important criteria in securing the seat. 
 
 
 Candidate has to exercise as many options as possible to avoid 
disappointment of not getting a seat. 
 
 Candidate can exercise and modify the options any number of times within the 
scheduled dates. 
 
 Take a printout of final options saved for reference. 
 
 
  
 
ALLOTMENT OF SEATS:      
 The Provisional First Phase  allotment of seats will be made on or before        
19-07-2024 and will be placed in the website https://tgeapcet.nic.in 
 
 For downloading the candidate ’s Provisional Allotment Order , enter the 
ROC Form Number, TGEAPCET Hall Ticket Number, Password and Date 
of Birth in Candidate login in https://tgeapcet.nic.in 
 
 
 Pay the Tuition Fee mentioned in the Provisional allotment order through online 
(Credit Card / Debit Card/ Net Banking )  within the prescribed time and self 
report through online system in candidates login and take admission number to 
confirm the provisionally allotted seat. Take the printout. 
 The candidates with zero Tuition Fee mentioned on provisional allotment order,  
shall per form the self reporting with in the prescribed date through online 
system in candidates login and take admission number to confirm the 
provisionally allotted seat. Take the printout. 
 All the c andidates have to pay a minimum of Rs. 5000/ - (SC/ST) and Rs. 
10000/- (Others) along with Tui tion Fee where the Tuition Fee to be paid by 
the candidate is less than Rs. 5000/ -(SC/ST) and Rs. 10000/ - (Others).The 
same will be returned back to the candidates who report at the allotted college 
after final phase.  If the candidate did not report at the  allotted college the 
same will be forfeited.  
 
 Candidates / Parents are advised to make Tuition Fee payment from their own 
Bank Accounts. In case of refunds, if any, the amount will be remitted back 
through online in to the same Bank Account from which the payment was 
made. 
 
 The candidate has to report at the allotted college after Final Phase of 
counselling and handover a set of Xerox copies of the certificates and Original 
Transfer Certificate (T.C).  
 
 Physical reporting of the candidate at the allotted college after Final Phase 
allotment is mandatory 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 If the candidate does not pay the prescribed Tuition Fee within the schedule 
mentioned, the provisional allotted seat automatically stands cancelled and he 
/ she shall not have any claim on the provisionally allotted seat. 
 
 Follow the further instructions printed on the provisional allotment order. 
 The candidate at the time of self reporting shall give an undertaking through 
online that he / she will relinquish the admission through Degree Online 
Services Telangana (DOST), if any.  
 
 After first phase, if the candidate cancels admission through Online  after 
payment of Tuition Fee and exercise option s in subsequent phases if any, 
Tuition Fee paid earlier shall be considered for subsequent allotment of seat. 
 
 
SECOND PHASE:  
 
The eligible candidates can attend for Certificate Verification and exercise options in 
Second Phase, if they have not attended earlier and can exercise options. 
 
  The candidates who have participated in First Phase Counselling can exercise 
options using their old password, Login ID, for the leftover seats now available and 
consequential vacancies that may arise in the process of allotment as per the schedule 
mentioned above, and it is advised to exercise options for interested colleges only 
assuming that vacancies are available in the course of their choice. 
 
WHO CAN EXERCISE OPTIONS IN SECOND PHASE? 
 
 Candidates who have secured seat but not interested to join. 
 Who have not secured seat so far but got their certificates verified. 
 Who have not exercised the options so far but got their certificates verified. 
 Who have secured a seat, self reported and aspiring for a better option. 
 NCC and Sports category candidates whose certificates were submitted and got 
verified during First Phase of counselling have to exercise options in Second Phase 
and Final Phase to consider their candidature for NCC and Sports category seats. 
 And any other eligible candidates. 
 
NOTE:  
 
1. Options given in the First Phase  will not be considered for allotment and 
candidates have to exercise option a fresh in Second Phase. 
2. Candidates who are satisfied with their previous allotment and paid the Tuition 
Fee through online and self reported through website need not  exercise options 
once again, however, they have to report in person at the allotted college after 
Final Phase otherwise your allotted seat stands cancelled. 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
3. Candidates shall note that if they exercise options now and a seat is allotted as 
per the options, the vacated seat will be allotted to next meritorious candidate 
and hence they will have no claim on previous allotment. 
 
PROCEDURE FOR EXERCISING OPTIONS AS MENTIONED ABOVE 
 
 Candidate has to exercise as many options as possible to avoid 
disappointment of not getting a seat. 
 
SECOND PHASE ALLOTMENT OF SEATS: 
 
  The Provisional Second Phase allotment of seats will be placed in the website 
https://tgeapcet.nic.in on or before 31-07-2024. 
 
 For downloading the candidate’s Provisional allotment order, enter the ROC 
Form Number, TGEAPCET Hall Ticket Number, Password and Date of Birth 
in candidate login in  https://tgeapcet.nic.in 
 
 Pay the Tuition Fee mentioned in the Provisional allotment order through online 
(Net Banking / Credit Card / Debit Card) within the prescribed time. Self Report  
through website. 
 
 Candidates/ Parents are advised to make Tuition Fee payment from their own 
Bank Accounts. In case of refunds, if any, the amount will be remitted back 
through online into the same Bank Account from which the payment was made. 
 
 In candidate’s login, the candidate after Self Report through online system, the 
Admission Number will be generated. Take the printout. 
 
 Candidates who are satisfied with their previous allotment and paid the Tuition 
Fee through online and self -reported through website need not  exercise options 
once again, however, they have to report in person at the allotted college after 
Final Phase otherwise your allotted seat stands cancelled. 
 If the candidate does not pay the prescribed Tuition Fee within the schedule 
mentioned, the provisional allotted seat automatically stands cancelled and he / 
she shall not have any claim on the provisionally allotted seat. 
 Follow the further instructions printed on the provisional allotment order. 
 
 See the website https://tgeapcet.nic.in periodically for updated information. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
FINAL PHASE: 
 
The candidates who had physically reported at the allotted college after Second Phase of 
allotments are only eligible for exercising of options in Final Phase. They can use their 
old password, Login ID, for the leftover seats now available and consequential vacancies 
that may arise in the process of allotment as per the schedule mentioned above, and it 
is advised to exercise options for interested colleges only assuming that  vacancies are 
available in the course of their choice. 
 
WHO CAN EXERCISE OPTIONS IN FINAL PHASE 
 
 Who have not secured seat so far but got their certificates verified.  
 Who have not exercised the options so far but got their certificates verified. 
 All eligible candidates who have not cancelled their seats through online 
 
NOTE:  
1. The Candidates who had cancelled seats either in First Phase / Second Phase are 
not eligible to give options in Final phase.  
2. The Candidate once allotted seat shall note that if they exercise options now and 
a seat is allotted as per the options, the vacated seat will be allotted to next 
meritorious candidate and hence they will have no claim on previous allotment 
 
3. Options given in the First Phase and Second Phase will not be cons idered for 
allotment and candidates have to exercise option afresh in Final Phase. 
4.  Candidates who are satisfied with their present allotment and paid the Tuit ion 
Fee through online and self -reported through website need not exercise options 
once again. Ho wever they have to report at the allotted college  in person after 
Final Phase of allotment, otherwise the allotted seat stands cancelled. 
 
PROCEDURE FOR EXERCISING OPTIONS AS MENTIONED ABOVE 
 
 Candidate has to exercise as many options as possible to avoid disappointment of 
not getting a seat. 
 
FINAL PHASE ALLOTMENT OF SEATS: 
 
The Provisional Final Phase allotment of seats will be placed in the website 
https://tgeapcet.nic.in on or before 13-08-2024. 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 For downloading the candidate’s Provisional allotment order, enter the ROC 
Form Number, TGEAPCET Hall Ticket Number, Password and Date of Birth 
in candidate login in  https://tgeapcet.nic.in 
 
 
 Pay the Tuition Fee mentioned in the Provisional allotment order through online 
(Net Banking / Credit Card / Debit Card) within the prescribed time. Self Report 
through website, report at the allotted college.  
 
 
 Candidates/ Parents are advised to make Tuition Fee payment from their own 
Bank Accounts. In case of refunds, if any, the amount will be r emitted back 
through online into the same Bank Account from which the payment was made. 
 
 In candidate’s login, the candidate after Self Report through online system, the 
Admission Number will be generated. Take the printout. 
 
 If the candidate does not pay the prescribed Tuition Fee for the allotted seat in 
Final Phase within the schedule mentioned, the provisional allotted seat 
automatically stands cancelled and he / she shall not have any claim on the 
provisionally allotted seat. 
 
 If the candidate is allot ted seat in other college  in Final Phase , collect your 
already submitted original T.C. from the second phase allotted college and have 
to submit the same at the allotted college in Final Phase. 
 
 Follow the further instructions printed on the provisional allotment order. 
 
 See the website https:// tgeapcet.nic.in periodically for updated 
information. 
 Physical reporting of the candidate at the allotted college after Final 
Phase allotment is mandatory.  
 Handover a set of xerox copies of the Certificates and Original Transfer           
Certificate (T.C) at the allotted college. 
 Dropouts/Cancellations are not permitted after Final Phase. 
 
INTERNAL SLIDING: 
a) All the Candidates have to report at allotted college after final phase 
b) Not reporting at the allotted college on or before notified date, the provisional 
allotment order (Final Phase) automatically stands cancelled and candidates has no 
claim on the provisional allotment. 
c) Candidate has to handover a set of Xerox copies of cert ificates and original 
Transfer Certificate (T.C) at the allotted college. 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
Thereafter, Centralized Internal Sliding in University and Private Unaided 
Engineering Colleges  shall be conducted by the Convenor. All the Reported 
candidates available after Final Phase are eligible for exercising Options in Internal 
Sliding. The Candidates, if desired can exercise options through online during the 
above mentioned schedule in inte rnal sliding to other branches within the college 
for left over vacancies now available and consequential vacancies that may arise 
during the process of allotment . Such candidates allotted in Internal Sliding 
are eligible for Tuition Fee Reimbursement. 
d) Dropouts/Cancellations are not permitted after Internal Sliding. 
e) After above activity, Dropouts/Cancellations, if any, shall not be permitted 
to be filled under Spot admissions. However, such vacancies shall be 
permitted to be filled through Lateral Entry into 2nd Year through TGECET 
(Lateral Entry) 
f) Further leftover vacancies, if any, shall be handed over to the colleges to be filled 
under Spot Admissions for which TG EAPCET qualified/not qualified candidates who 
did not secure admission elsewhere shall only be permitted. First preference will be 
given to TG EAPCET qualified candidates and leftover vacancies, if any, shall be 
filled by TG EAPCET not qualified candidates, as per the guidel ines laid down in 
admission G.Os & guidelines issued by the Convenor from time to time. 
 
 
SPOT ADMISSIONS:  
 The Spot Admission guidelines to B.E /B.Tech / Pharmacy Courses in Pr ivate Unaided 
Engineering and B. Pharmacy Colleges will be placed in the website 
https://tgeapcet.nic.in on or before 28-08-2024. 
 
 
 
Sd/- 
A.Sridevasena, IAS 
Commissioner of Technical Education 
& Convenor, TGEAPCET-2024 Admissions 
